I want to make a web-app for my 'andelsboligforening' (danish for housing cooperative). For now, the app only needs 2 features, but I want to make it in a way that it can be expanded later.

1) The initial feature is a booking system for a community room. Members should be able to view a calendar of activities and book the room for specific time slots. There should (for now) be 2 categories of events: private events and public events. Private events can only be booked 2 weeks in advance and admins should be able to toggle whether it's even possible to book privately or not. The calendar must show who booked the event and give contact information (just email for now, but potentially also phone number). Public events should also have a title and a description, and they can potentially be recurring with some regular interval. Members should also be able to indicate attendance to public events. It should be possible to cancel both private and public events by the person who created it (and by admins). Admins need the ability to edit and delete everything.

2) A simple system to display applications for _renting_ a shop facility on our street. This should be connected to a Google Forms, that is on our website and show the content of this form in a nice and easily digestible manner. We should be able to mark the applications as read, declined, accepted, saved for later, in contact, etc. It should also be possible to write comments. In the future, it would be nice to integrate with a mail service, so we can have correspondence with the applicants directly from the app. This part of the app should only be accessible for a select few users belonging to our 'erhvervsudvalg' (business committee).


I want the app built with Django for the backend and React for the frontend (or something similar, if you have better suggestions). It should be well documented and easy to maintain for future developers. The design should be user-friendly and responsive, ensuring that it works well on both desktop and mobile devices. I would like it to be hosted on DigitalOcean or another reliable and socially responsible hosting provider (ie. NO Amazon and that kind). I also need a git repository for version control and a deployment pipeline set up for continuous integration and deployment.

Tell me your plan and ask for clarification when you are in doubt.
